Buffer visual guidelines
Please follow these guidelines to ensure our logo
and brand assets always look their best

Buffer logo
This is our primary logo. Use the full logo whenever possible.

Black, light background Navy, light background White, dark background

Whitespace
Please leave space for our logo to breath.

x x x x
x x x x

x x x x
x x x x

On colored light backgrounds use the black logo Use the navy logo only on white and light gray On dark backgrounds use the white logo
backgrounds

Buffer logo do's

YES YES
You can use the icon separately You can use the icon in the white version on dark backgrounds

Buffer logo don'ts

NO NO NO
Please don't change the color of our logo Please don't mix colors together Please don't use the navy logo on a colored background

NO NO NO
Please don't outline the logo Please don't change proportions of the logo Please, don't use the stacked version of the logo

Tool icons
These are our tool icons. Use the full, colored version whenever possible.

Publishing

Two-color, light background Black-and-white, light background White, dark background

Analytics

Two-color, light background Black-and-white, light background White, dark background

Engagement

Two-color, light background Black-and-white, light background White, dark background

App icons
Tool icons are not symmetrical. When using square icons, please ensure our marks are optically centered.

2x 1x

2x 1x 1x

1x

Primary colors
Colors used in texts, primary buttons and hovers.

Black Blue Yellow White
#231F20 #2C4BFF #FADE2A #FFFFFF

Secondary colors
Main colors of Buffer products.

Dark Blue
#121E66
Light Blue
#6B81FF
Lighter Red
#F3AFB9
Light Orange
#FF9B6B

Primary color pairs

Blue Lighter Red Lighter Red Yellow Lighter Orange Blue
#2C4BFF #F3AFB9 #F3AFB9 #FADE2A #FFC6AB #2C4BFF

Light Orange Lighter Orange Yellow Yellow Lighter Blue Light Lighter Blue
#FF9B6B #FFC6AB #FADE2A #FDF2AA #6B81FF #ABB7FF

You can always pair colors in the same shade.

Full-color palette
The color palette is based on colors from the Design System. One additional color is added.

Lighter #F3AFB9 Lighter #FFC6AB Lighter #FDF2AA

Light #E97284 Light #FF9B6B Light #FCE86A

Red #E0364F Orange #FF702C Yellow #FADE2A

Dark #9D2637 Dark #B34E1F Dark #A8961D

Darker #5A1620 Darker #662D12 Darker #645911

Lighter #CFE7A6 Lighter #99E9EC Lighter #ABB7FF

Light #ABD464 Light #4DD9DD Light #6B81FF

Green #87C221 Teal #00C8CF Blue #2C4BFF

Dark #5F8817 Dark #008C91 Dark #1F35B3

Darker #364E0D Darker #005053 Darker #121E66

Lighter #D7AAFF Lighter #F0A8DE Lighter #F5F5F5

Light #BA6BFF Light #E466C5 Light #E0E0E0

Purple #9C2BFF Pink #D925AC Gray #B8B8B8

Dark #6D1EB3 Dark #981A78 Dark #636363

Darker #3E1166 Darker #570F45 Darker #3D3D3D

Black #231F20
Avoid changing opacity. Acceptable only for image backgrounds.
Avoid dark shades.

Fonts

Headings: Poppins Bold (800)
Buffer headlines are set in Poppins Bold. Do not use other font weights that belong to Poppins font
family. When creating headings please use black #231F20. Always typeset it with optical kerning,
set the letter-spacing to 0, and set in sentence case. Do not set in all caps or all lowercase.
When using Poppins in small headings (around 18px) add letter-spacing 0.2px.

Aa Bb Cc Dd Ee Ff Gg Hh Ii Jj Kk Ll Mm
Nn Pp Qq Rr Ss Tt Uu Vv Ww Xx Yy Zz
0123456789

Body text: Roboto family

Typeset all text and paragraph text in Roboto. Always typeset Roboto with optical kerning,
set the letter-spacing to 0.2px, and set in title case or sentence case (as determined by the content).
Set in all caps or all lowercase only in case of short labels.

Aa Bb Cc Dd Ee Ff Gg Hh Ii Jj Kk Ll Mm
Nn Pp Qq Rr Ss Tt Uu Vv Ww Xx Yy Zz
0123456789

Light
Light Italic
Regular
Italic
Medium
Medium Italic
Bold
Bold Italic
Black
Black Italic
Buffer helps innovative brands leave their mark on the world.
Buffer helps innovative brands leave their mark on the world.
Buffer helps innovative brands leave their mark on the world.
Buffer helps innovative brands leave their mark on the world.
Buffer helps innovative brands leave their mark on the world.
Buffer helps innovative brands leave their mark on the world.
Buffer helps innovative brands leave their mark on the world.
Buffer helps innovative brands leave their mark on the world.
Buffer helps innovative brands leave their mark on the world.
Buffer helps innovative brands leave their mark on the world.

Ideal font stack

Label
Roboto Bold, 16px
All Caps
Letter-spacing: 0.5px
INSTAGRAM

H1
Poppins Bold, 48px
Remarkable brands built here

H2
Poppins Bold, 34px
Craft the perfect post for social network

H3
Poppins Bold, 26px
Compassion and empathy

H4
Poppins Bold, 16px
Letter-spacing: 0.2px
Tailored posts

Paragraph
Roboto Regular, 18px
Letter-spacing: 0.2px
W e c r e a t e p i x e l - p e r f e c t e x p e r i e n c e s f o r o u r c u s t o m e r s b e c a u s e w e
v a l u e t h e i r t i m e a n d a t t e n t i o n . Q u a l i t y b r e e d s t r u s t . A t t e n t i o n t o d e t a i l
b r i n g s r e s p e c t . L o v e a n d c a r e b u i l d b o n d s ( w e h o p e ! ) .

Quote mark
38x40px

Pull quote
Our mission is to make it easier
to build a remarkable brand on
social media and connect with
your customers.

Attribution KEVAN LEE, Marketing Director
Roboto Bold, 16px
All Caps
Letter-spacing: 0.5px

Roboto Regular, 16px
Letter-spacing: 0.2px

CTA text
Start a free 14-day trial Sign up now Log in

Roboto Medium, 18px
Letter-spacing: 0.3px
free
Roboto Regular, 18px
Letter-spacing: 0.3px
Roboto Regular, 18px
Letter-spacing: 0.3pxMaster brand variations x x
Master brand variations are any external-facing programs x Y Y x
and apps created by Buffer. They consist of a Buffer logo Community
and a name of the variation written in Roboto Light with
an optical kerning. x x

x x

x x
x Y Y x
Remix
x x

x x

Icons
Buffer icons are used across the marketing website.
They help clarify the message by improving visual interest.
Icons are built from simple lines with round caps.

Social media assets

Profile picture
Profile picture is based on Buffer logo mark. It can be used
in three following versions.

White, blue background Black, white background Navy, white background

Cover photo
We use patterns as a primary cover photo. We allow using
promo banners as secondary covers.

Stories
We use patterns as the main background for the tiles.
The main fonts used are Poppins bold and Roboto
regular. We keep a simple composition of the tiles.
The text is left-aligned or centered. The text sizes can
vary depending on text lengths. Text proportions must Title: Poppins bold, Title: Poppins bold,
be preserved. no kerning, white black #231f20
Additional text – Roboto regular, Additional text – Roboto regular,
We allow stickers to be placed in various places around letter-spacing: 0,2px letter-spacing: 0,2px
the tiles.

Illustration

In contrast to standardized brand elements, Buffer
illustrations are more organic and playful.

We believe that illustration is a medium that shouldn't be
strictly standardized. Every illustration carries a piece of
the artist's soul, and the main goal of Buffer illustrations
is communicating a message that reflects Buffer
personality of humanity, friendships, and diversity.
The general visual style is symbolic. Flat geometric
shapes meet lines. We love metaphors. The illustrations
are minimalistic and flat. We avoid using perspective.

Photography

Photography is a powerful way to communicate Buffer
brand identity. Imagery is key to showing real human
emotions. We treat photography as a key tool to show our
diverse community. The photos we choose accurately
reflect the Buffer brand values. The colors are bright and
match the established color palette. We go for
contrasting, minimalistic style with flat color areas.

Lifestyle

We stand for authenticity. We want our photos to reflect
that. Simple and human images are the best way to
express who we are. Use cases:

● blog photos,
● various photos on website,
● social media assets,
● photos used in products as examples for posts and stories.

Lifestyle photos dos

YES YES YES
Use photos that have flat colors and minimalistic Pick bright photos that show emotions Pick minimalistic still natures
backgrounds

YES YES YES
Use photos that include minimalistic, geometric Pick minimalistic compositions Apply brand stickers on photos to make them even more
patterns on-brand

Lifestyle photos dont's

NO NO NO
Please don't use dark and dull colors with artificial Avoid business still-natures with no emotions Please don't use not contrasting, blurry photos
color-balance

NO NO NO
Please don't use monochromatic photos Please avoid color gradients Please don't use photos without contrasting colors

Portraits and avatars
For portraits we choose minimalistic photos with the
focus on the face. The style is honest and warm. We use
a single-focus composition. The background is simple,
minimalistic, and out of focus. Use cases:

● customers avatars used in product screenshots,
● customers avatars used across Buffer website.

Product avatars dos

YES YES YES
Use photos that have flat colors and minimalistic Pick bright portraits that show emotions You can place portraits on monochromatic brand
backgrounds patterns

Products avatars don'ts

NO NO NO
Please don't use portraits captured on complicated Please avoid dark shadows Please don't use portraits not captured from a front
backgrounds perspective

Internal photography and teammates avatars
All avatars we use at Buffer are cohesive and aligned with
established photography guide. We allow two styles of
the avatars – on a greenery background or on a colorful,
plain background. Use cases:

● avatars used in newsletters,
● avatars used in external communications,
● avatars used across website,
● avatars used in blog articles.

Team avatars dos

YES YES YES
Use photos that have flat colors and minimalistic You can place portraits on minimalistic patterns You can place portraits on solid colors
backgrounds

Team avatars don'ts

NO NO NO
Please don't use portraits with color overlays Please avoid unnecessary accessories covering your Please don't use photos where person is not looking at
face the camera

NO NO NO
Copyright @2021 Buffer
Please don't use portraits captured on complicated Please, avoid dark shadows Please don't use portraits not captured from a front
backgrounds perspective